Project Explanation:
This project predicts NFL team records using data from Fantasy Football. The project first reads three CSV files in order to pull
the offensive stats, defensive stats, and league schedule. Then the program creates a Team object, to represent a team in the league,
then calculates individual attributes with original formulas using the data from the CSV files. The program allows the user to choose
between three choices, a full season simulation, expected wins/losses, and individual team stats.

How to run the code:
1. Make sure the 3 CSV files and Python Script are in the same directory
2. Run from the terminal: python FFHelper.py

How to use/interpret the program:
When the program is run, it will give the user three options. The first option is to run the season simulation, using the team scores derived 
from a team's efficiency, net production and offensive production allowed, in addition to other factors such as weather and win streaks. The simulation 
will print the results of each game, and print the team records that are derived of each game simulation. The second option is to retrieve the teams' 
expected records, using the variety of linear regression formulas created. This prints the records of each team using the formulas. The third option is 
to retrieve the stats for each team, including a variety of offensive stats, defense stats, and a team's net rating and production, as it prints the stats
to the user. The user can additionally quit the program when they choose, and the program will notify the user if they type in an invalid choice for what
they would like the program to do.


Bibliography:

Engaging Media. (2023). 2023 fantasy football team stats. Fantasy Footballers Podcast. https://www.thefantasyfootballers.com/2023-fantasy-football-team-stats/
Blattman, J., & Uddin, M. (2024, November 20). Fantasy Helper LSRL. Google Sheets. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mgBfMGFgg6H887UYO6M1Eus2RrltYe4STxLmvIST2mM/edit?gid=0#gid=0 
2023 Schedule File created by Moiz Uddin and Justin Blattman 